#summary List of suggestions and future improvements to do


* 1. OpenStreetMap and other (topo) maps off-line handling*

 * required tool for creating maps cache and data file
 * map tiles can be saved to sd card
 * loading and displaying tiles in a view
 * selectable map projection ?


* 2. Adding waypoints connected to track currently recording*

 * selecting wpt connection in wpt edit dialog (alone/connected to current track)


* 3. Adding new waypoint, with location based on projection*

 * entering direction and distance
 * additional checkbox "Project target", enables controls Distance, Bearing and Calculate


* 4. New menu option: Send SMS With Location*

 * Body example: TripComputer. Sender location: 53.0000000000, 15.0000000000, 124. (UID_HASH).
 * UID_HASH is created from content.
 * After app broadcast intent receiver gets sms int this form, UID_HASH is verified and System Notification is fired, that shows on status bar.
 * After SN clicked by user, dialogs comes up: "Do you want to add new waypoint received from USER_X ?".
 * After confirmation, new waypoint is created in database with phone number/contact name, sms time, "person" type.

* 5. Sending tracks to web service*

* 6. Adding photos to waypoints*

* 7. UI improvements*

* 8. Launcher icon in 2.0 SDK style*

* 9. Kalman Filter for improving GPS readings*

* 10. Creating ROUTES (simple track made of waypoints) on web map service and downloading ROUTE to phone*

* 11. GPX import*

* 12. Notification/alarm if selected waypoint in range (talks distance)*

* 13. Navigation mode _Follow Track_ - phone talks if you are going off track*

* 14. Navigation mode _Return Home_*

=== Project is waiting for your own idea ! ===